<!--
~ Copyright [2011] [Ali Ok - aliok@apache.org]
~
~    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
~    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
~    You may obtain a copy of the License at
~
~        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
~
~    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
~    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
~    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
~    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
~    limitations under the License.
-->

<pre>
Copyright [2011] [Ali Ok - aliok@apache.org]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
</pre>

== The App  ==

This application is just an example application for the "future" blog post about mobile applications
with Html5, JQueryMobile, WebSqlDatabase, PhoneGap and other mobile technologies.

This repository will have different branches where all of them will represent a different step through
the process of a cool Html5 mobile application for different platforms.

The application is a simple German "artikel" learning application.

== Branches ==

{| border="1" align="center" width="100%"
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part1 Part1]
|App written completely in JSF and totally server-side
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part2 Part2]
|Converting to a Javascript client, using Servlets for web services
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part3 Part3]
|Optimizing the Javascript code for unit tests, using REST (used Apache CXF) for web services
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part4 Part4]
|Writing mock tests and running them with JsTestDriver
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part5 Part5]
|Writing view tests
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part7 Part7]
|Using local storage for caching the wordbook on modern browsers
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part8 Part8]
|Using WebSqlDatabase for caching the wordbook on modern browsers
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part9 Part9]
|I18N and L10N
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part10 Part10]
|Using offline cache for resources, making the application support running offline
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part11 Part11]
|Embedding the application in a Android WebView
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part12 Part12]
|Bundling the application with PhoneGap
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part13 Part13]
|Preparing for production and distribution
|-
|[https://github.com/aliok/js-experiments-artikel/tree/master/part14 Part14]
|Integrating the JS unit tests with continuous build systems
|}


== Usage ==

just issue mvn and go to http://localhost:9999/index.html
